Fix/codelab basics 1 text (#924)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/codelabs/src/basics/web-components.md

</html>
```

> If you run this in the browser and see hello world, then you're good to go!

Reviewer: I think this sentence runs better without 'then'

```suggestion
If you run this in the browser and see hello world, you're good to go!
```

## Custom Elements

> First, we will take a look at the most important web component API: `Custom Elements`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we will take a look at the most important web component API: Custom Elements.
```

The name of the specification is 'Custom Elements', but it's not code, so don't use backtics

```

<aside class="notice">

> We are adding the event listener in the constructor, because the `connectedCallback` method can be called multiple times during the lifecycle of our element. For example when using drag and drop, an element is disconnected from one location and connected again in another. That would cause the event listener to be registered multiple times, a common source of bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're adding the event listener in the constructor, because the `connectedCallback` method can be called multiple times during the lifecycle of our element, for example when using drag and drop, or when an element is disconnected from one location and connected again in another. That would cause the event listener to be registered multiple times, a common source of bugs.
```

</aside>

> If we run this code in the browser, the element should turn blue when clicked on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we run this code in the browser, the element should turn blue when clicked.
```

## Templating

> The second API in Web Components that we will look into is HTML templates. When writing web components,we usually need to do more than just setting some styles or text. We often need to render larger pieces of HTML as part of our component and update parts of it when the user interacts with the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second Web Components API that we will look into is HTML templates. When writing web components,we usually need to do more than just setting some styles or text. We often need to render larger pieces of HTML as part of our component and update parts of it when the user interacts with the page.
```

Make sure you add `type="module"` to the script tag!

> Next, we need to define our class. Instead of extending `HTMLElement`, we are now extending `LitElement`. `LitElement` extends `HTMLElement` already, so we are still creating an actual custom element:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we need to define our class. Instead of extending `HTMLElement`, we are now extending `LitElement`. `LitElement` extends `HTMLElement` already, so we're still creating an actual custom element:
```

Author: I was taught to use contractions sparingly when writing to a large audience, because people that struggle with english get confused.

## Shadow DOM

> The last important API in Web Components we will look into is Shadow DOM. Traditionally, the context of HTML and CSS have always been global. This scales pretty badly, because we then constantly need to make sure that the id's of all the elements are unique and often CSS selectors can get pretty complex. This is why many front-end frameworks offer some form of encapsulation. Web Components provides us with this capability using `Shadow DOM`, this capability is now also built into the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last important Web Components API we will look into is Shadow DOM. Traditionally, the context of HTML and CSS have always been global. This scales pretty badly, because we constantly need to make sure that the id's of all the elements are unique and often CSS selectors can get pretty complex. This is why many front-end frameworks offer some form of encapsulation. Web Components provides us with this capability using `Shadow DOM`, this capability is now built into the browser.
```

The best way to visualize this is to inspect the element we created in the previous step. In the DOM inspector you will see that the children rendered are not direct children of our element, but rather they are wrapped inside of a shadow root:

![Shadow DOM example](./assets/shadow-dom-1.png)

> This shadow root is a special type of DOM node which encapsulates the elements inside of it. Styles defined inside this shadow root do not leak out, and styles defined outside the shadow root do not reach in, hence encapsulation. Also, it's not possible to use `querySelector` to select elements inside or outside the shadow root. This way we can build reusable components than gives us the confidence that they will always work the same way, no matter the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This shadow root is a special type of DOM node which encapsulates the elements inside of it. Styles defined inside this shadow root do not leak out, and styles defined outside the shadow root do not reach in, hence encapsulation. Also, it's not possible to use `querySelector` to select elements inside or outside the shadow root. This way we can build reusable components and gives us the confidence that they will always work the same way, no matter the environment.
```

> Let's test this out by adding some styles to our component. In `LitElement`, we can add styles to our component using a static `styles` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's try this out by adding some styles to our component. In `LitElement`, we can add styles to our component using a static `styles` field:
```
